traveltext: "Fallen leaves crunch underfoot. The wind through the branches masks the sounds of anything that may lurk nearby."

surroundings: "Leaves and flattened foliage pave the broad, well-trodden paths. The trees here take sinister form, some appearing as unnatural figures, others hewn and splintered by beasts one hesitates even to imagine."

encounterchance: {'Diseased Rodent':(0, 20), 'Forest Ruffian':(21, 30), 'Grasping Timber':(31, 55), 'Wounded Wolf':(56, 70), 'Creeping Vines':(71, 85), 'Brush Adder':(86, 100)}

boss: "The Wood King"

ENEMYLIST
name: "Diseased Rodent"
opening: "A rodent rendered unrecognizable with severe pestilence scurries from the brush."
life: 50
power: 13
speed: 13
statusinflict: 1
statuschance: 15
moneyaward: 10
expaward: 10
description: "Chance to poison - Pustules cover the rodent, and you feel queasy at the sight."
damagetext: "The rodent gnaws at your calf for {damage} damage."
nodamagetext: "The rodent ignores your blow. You deal no damage."
crittext: "The rodent snaps its fangs onto your thigh and rakes your flesh with its claws for {damage} critical damage!"

name: "Grasping Timber"
opening: "A great creaking and snapping of branches draws your attention to the gnarled, unnatural form of an animate tree."
life: 80
power: 20
guard: 15
elementaldef.water: 50
elementaldef.fire: -100
moneyaward: 50
expaward: 12
droplist.Grasping Wand: 15
droplist.Green Herb: 60
description: "The great tree's many knots form what looks almost like a face, but that must only be your imagination..."
damagetext: "Roots strike from below for {damage} damage!"
nodamagetext: "Your strike is absorbed by the timber's thick bark. You deal no damage."
crittext: "The timber's thick branches land a crushing blow for {damage} critical damage!"

name: "Wounded Wolf"
opening: "A wolf limps across your path leaving a trail of blood."
life: 60
power: 18
guard: 12
speed: 13
status.Bleed: True
moneyaward: 50
expaward: 10
droplist.Wolf's Tooth: 10
description: "Long red gouges across the wolf's body seep blood. The animal appears to fight solely out of fear and desperation."
damagetext: "The wolf's jaws desperately snap at you for {damage} damage!"
nodamagetext: "The wolf leaps to the side and avoids your blow. You deal no damage!"
crittext: "The wolf feels backed into a corner and lunges, latching onto your leg and ripping at the flesh for {damage} critical damage!"

name: "Creeping Vines"
opening: "Vines swing down and strike from above."
life: 80
power: 16
speed: 15
statusinflict: 3
statuschance: 10
elementaldef.water: 50
elementaldef.fire: -100
skills: ["Bind"]
techchance: 20
moneyaward: 70
expaward: 13
droplist.Vine of Nine Tails: 25
droplist.Green Herb: 60
description: "Small chance to paralyze - A writhing mass of vines covered in thorns. Crushes the blood from its prey to nourish itself."
damagetext: "You are lashed by thorny vines for {damage} damage!"
nodamagetext: "The vines move with your attack. You deal no damage!"
crittext: "The vines lift you off your feet by the throat, strangling you for {damage} critical damage!"

name: "Brush Adder"
opening: "You feel something wrap around your leg and quickly kick it away."
life: 80
power: 16
speed: 15
statusinflict: 1
statuschance: 20
moneyaward: 70
expaward: 13
description: "Chance to poison - A common adder in the forests across Iodra, this snake strikes with its fangs as well as the poison barbs at the end of its tail. Unsavory folk have been known to dilute its venom and ferment it with grains to create the potent, addictive serum Berserk Brew."
damagetext: "You're bitten for {damage} damage!"
nodamagetext: "The snake takes the brunt of your blow with its poison barbs. You deal no damage!"
crittext: "The snake's poison barbs rake your flesh and its fangs sink deep for {damage} critical damage!"

name: "Forest Ruffian"
opening: "You hear a voice behind you.\"Just 'and over that coin purse, and nobody's gotta die today!\""
life: 100
power: 15
speed: 13
will: 20
statusinflict: 1
statuschance: 20
moneyaward: 80
expaward: 15
droplist.Forest Cudgel: 20
droplist.Weak Potion: 60
droplist.Berserk Brew: 20
droplist.Forest Furs: 20
droplist.Forest Parma: 20
unlocklocations: ["Eldergrimm Bandit Camp"]
inventory: ["Berserk Brew", "Weak Potion"]
description: "Small chance to poison - These bandits spend most of their time in the forest and have become adapted to its many dangers."
damagetext: "The bandit's cudgel knocks the wind out of you for {damage} damage!"
nodamagetext: "The bandit's parma takes the brunt of your blow! You deal no damage!"
crittext: "The bandit deals a crushing blow sinking his cudgel's barbs into your chest for {damage} critical damage!"

name: "The Wood King"
opening: "A sapling comes crashing down and from the destruction lumbers a colossal bear. The beast stares you down with deep, black eyes and a strange, oily fluid oozing from its maw which seems to scatter unnaturally as it hits the ground and join with the bear's immense, looming shadow... It charges!"
isboss: True
life: 200
power: 40
guard: 25
speed: 25
critchance: 10
statusinflict: 9
statuschance: 25
moneyaward: 750
expaward: 100
skills: ["Roar"]
techchance: 33
droplist.Claw Token: 15
unlocklocations: ["The Bad Place"]
description: "Chance to ??? - Once the proud ruler of Eldergrimm, this great beast has been brought low by a mysterious and terrible scourge."
damagetext: "A great paw swipes at you dealing {damage} damage!"
nodamagetext: "The beast swipes away your strike with a brush of its paw. You deal no damage."
crittext: "The beast swats you away ripping at you with its sharp claws, hurling you roughly into an outcrop of stone for {damage} critical damage!"
bossoutro: "Congratulations you beat the demo! Hoorah!"
